example/README.md, before:

# Multi-Level Table Example

This is an example project demonstrating the usage of `@keyvaluesystems/multilevel-table`.

## Features Demonstrated

- Multi-level data display
- Custom column rendering
- Row selection
- Sorting
- Filtering
- Pagination
- Theme customization

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

3. Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) to view the example in your browser.

## Project Structure

- `src/App.tsx` - Main application component with table implementation
- `src/App.css` - Styles for the example
- `src/main.tsx` - Application entry point

## Example Features

The example demonstrates:

1. **Data Structure**
   - Three levels of nested data
   - Parent-child relationships
   - Various data types (string, number)

2. **Column Configuration**
   - Custom rendering for status column
   - Filterable columns
   - Formatted value display

3. **Theme Customization**
   - Custom colors
   - Nested level styling
   - Component-specific styling

4. **Interactive Features**
   - Row selection
   - Sorting
   - Filtering
   - Pagination

## Learn More

For more information about the component, visit the [main documentation](../../README.md).

Commit message:

feat: styling, action button, bulk delete, sidel panel, custom modal

example/README.md, after:

# Multi-Level Table Example

This is an example project demonstrating the usage of `@keyvaluesystems/multilevel-table`.

## Features Demonstrated

- Multi-level data display
- Custom column rendering
- Row selection
- Sorting
- Filtering
- Pagination
- Theme customization
- Export functionality (CSV)
- Generic Button components
- Action button groups with dropdowns

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

3. Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) to view the example in your browser.

## Project Structure

- `src/App.tsx` - Main application component with table implementation
- `src/App.css` - Styles for the example
- `src/main.tsx` - Application entry point

## Example Features

The example demonstrates:

1. **Data Structure**
   - Three levels of nested data
   - Parent-child relationships
   - Various data types (string, number)

2. **Column Configuration**
   - Custom rendering for status column
   - Filterable columns
   - Formatted value display

3. **Theme Customization**
   - Custom colors
   - Nested level styling
   - Component-specific styling

4. **Interactive Features**
   - Row selection
   - Sorting
   - Filtering
   - Pagination
   - CSV Export with dropdown
   - Action buttons with badges
   - Delete functionality with confirmation popup

5. **Button Components**
   - Generic Button component with icon and text
   - ButtonGroup for managing multiple action buttons
   - Support for badges, dropdowns, and custom icons
   - Theme-aware styling
   - Flexible icon positioning (left or right of text)

6. **Popup Component**
   - Generic confirmation popup
   - Customizable icon, title, text, and buttons
   - Theme-aware styling
   - Accessibility features (ESC key, click outside)
   - Responsive design

## Learn More

For more information about the component, visit the [main documentation](../../README.md).
